Today, the class's main focus revolved around discussing differences in individuals: how we define them, appreciate them, and respect them. Building on our discussions about intersectionality from last week, we talked about Audre Lorde's essay, _"Age, Race, Class, and Sex: Redefining Difference,"_ which challenges the way we define differences in our multidimensional personalities in a very one-dimensional way. Lorde argues that instead of embracing diversity, society has historically reinforced hierarchies and inequalities based on differences, with groups often being oppressed based on racial, gender, or ethnic identities.

To understand inclusion in the Honors College, I interviewed an upper-class student. I learned that inclusion has been a significant issue in the HC, particularly for Black women. She mentioned a detailed paper that was published, analyzing the statistics of different racial groups at Rutgers and the Honors College, as well as highlighting incidents that called for a more diverse and inclusive environment.

The Cross-Cultural Competency Course we are studying is a result of that same paper. She told me that while things are still not perfect, she is happy to see that steps have been taken in the right direction to improve the sense of social inclusion at the Honors College.

Rutgers is a really big university, and people can feel quite lost here. My interviewee told me that the HC helped her make friends and meet like-minded people. The networking events have also helped her connect with faculty and students who share her interests.

She comes from a background very similar to mine. Our community, admittedly, isn’t so open to a lot of Western ideas, particularly regarding definitions of gender. It's not that we reject new ideas, but rather that we haven’t had much exposure to this new way of thinking. Here at Rutgers, thousands of miles away from home on the other side of the globe, she has encountered many new ideas. Back home, she might not have mixed with people from such diverse backgrounds, but here, she had the chance to do so and learned a lot. I hope to have a similar experience.

While I would love to join an affinity group or make friends with people who share my background, I have met so many different people at Rutgers. Being in the close-knit environment of the Honors College has allowed me to form meaningful connections with people from various backgrounds, helping me learn about different cultures and practices, and adopt some of them into my own life.

One thing I’ve realized is that many cultures share similar practices but with their own unique touches. I want to learn more about how different communities connect—how they evolved, how they share common histories, and even how cultures have independently developed similar beliefs, practices, and ideas. I would like to explore the links between different ideologies, thinking not in unidimensional terms, but about the complex, multidimensional webs that link societies together in the intricate social structure humans have created.